1.
Assignment Operators in Python.

Operator	Description	             Syntax
+=	       Add and Assign: 
             Add right side operand 
            with left side operand and
            then assign to left operand 	a+=b
2.
a = b 
b = a + b
3.
Python Create List from 0 to 100. A special situation arises if  create a list from 0 to 100 (included). 
In this case, we simply use the list(range(0, 101)) function call.
 As stop argument, we use the number 101 because it's excluded from the final series.
4.
Input: arr[] = {1, 9, 3, 10, 4, 20, 2}
Output: 4
Explanation: 
The subsequence 1, 3, 4, 2 is the longest 
subsequence of consecutive elements

Input: arr[] = {36, 41, 56, 35, 44, 33, 34, 92, 43, 32, 42}
Output: 5
Explanation: 
The subsequence 36, 35, 33, 34, 32 is the longest 
subsequence of consecutive elements.
5.
1.Approach 1:
2.Approach 2: Accessing with the help of loop.
3.Approach 3: Accessing using square brackets. ...
4.append(): Adds an element at the end of the list. ...
5.extend(): Add the elements of a list (or any iterable), to the end of the current 
6.
It can identify when it receives a string or a tuple and work on it like a list. It can done by using loops.
 However, not every loop can be rewritten as list comprehension.
Example: Based on a list of fruits, we want a new list, containing only the fruits with the letter "a" in the name.
7.
Using Python interactively by typing code directly into the interpreter
Execute code contained in a script file from the command line
Work within a Python Integrated Development Environment (IDE)
8.
Comparing Python vs. C++ speed reveals which executes faster and creates more time-efficient programs.
 One thing to note that we need to compile C++ and interpret Python. 
The interpretation of code is always slower than the compilation. 
Additionally, since C++ indicates the variable type, it won’t signal type errors during runtime.
9.
Decorators allow us to wrap another function inorder to  extend the behaviour of the wrapped
function,without permanently modifying it.In Decortors, function are taken as the argument into another function and then called inside the wrapper function.
10.
A generator is a special type of function which does not return a single value, instead ,it
returns an iterator object with a sequence of values.In a generatrs function, a yield statement is used  rather than a return statement.
11.
A Python generators is a function that produce a sequence of results. It works by maintaining its local state,
so  that thefunction can resume again exactly where it left off when called subsequent times.
   Thus ,we think of a generators as something like a powerful iterator.

12.
Damage Prevention.










6.reverse(): Reverses the order of the list.
6.
